# Aux V20

**501 R&D**
*by:* **CX-P Zatama** 🍀☘️🥔
*changelog by* : **CX-W Thunder**

***With thanks to the R&D Team:***

+ Zatama
+ Sam
+ Floff

***Special Thanks:***

+ Namenai
+ Rexi

---

So this update focuses on ironing out a few key bugs from previous updates, as well as adding some QOL additions and changes. Chiefly amoung them, I decided that Mynock needed some love so threw together some Star Wars varients of vanilla *gasp* vehicles.

---

+ ###  Vehicle Based

    + #### Vehicle Additions

        + Republic Warhammer (MBT)
        + Republic T1000 (MBT)
        + Republic Claymore (MBT)
        + Republic Glaive (Tank Destroyer)
        + Republic Courser (Light Scout Transport) (Currently aware of minigun issue (It's supposed to be unarmed))
        + Black ETA (ETA in best colour)
        + CIS Archer (Light AA Tank) - (Currently Disabled)
        + CIS Tarantula (Heavy AA Tank) - (Currently Disabled)
        + CIS Scorpion (Light IFV)

    + #### Vehicle Fixes

        + Warden Tank now has a commander seat once more
        + CIS Aircraft no longer shoot backwards! (Mishandeling them in zeus will still cause this to happen!)
        + CIS Aircraft now do 6 times more damage, this is a return to their correct value from before they started shooting backwards.
        + LAAT/C Carry script now works again (Please use this instead of Mynock manually loading themselves to prevent issues with the flight model)

    + #### Vehicle Changes

        + I've come up with some *great* names for the shit we made in the past, like the coaxium cannon and the... the eh... okay well anyway I've also came up with some *terrible* names, I seek to rectify that with the following changes:
            + HOT - Renamed to Trebuchet
            + ROT - Renamed to Catapult
            + FIT - Renamed to Pathfinder
            + LIT - Renamed to Tempest
            + LIT Mk.2 - Renamed to Trojan
        + Mounted MG's on vics can now shoot straight. (This includes the CIS Trojan)
        + Bantha now has x2 TOW missiles
        + LAAT’s have had smoke launchers moved to the back of the line for default countermeasures
        + LAAT Primary Dual Cannon has had its damage increased slightly
        + The Tyrant and Overlord AA turrets had stopped working, attempting to use them resulted in a CTD. They have been removed while I work on new versions.

---
*Pew Pew Pew* 🔫

+ ### Infantry Based

    + #### Infantry Additions

        + (Almost) All jumppacks now function with Namenai’s fantastic new script
        + LR-INV - Invisible LR
        + Under Armor - Invisible chest armor for rebel ops
        + Parachute LR East - East codec LR steerable parachute
        + Parachute LR West - West codec LR steerable parachute

    + #### Infantry Changes

        + Every other ERA (Rebels, FO, Mando) now has (at least one) sets of rebalanced armour that should bring TTK more in line with our own ops (LOOK FOR THE ARMOUR WITH THE AUX MOD LOGO)
        + LR Radios
            + All LR Radios have had their range normalised (none have been reduced)
            + iTDv-21 Imp LR has had its codec switched to nato

---

+ ### Helmets

    + A bunch of new helmets will be released in the next couple days. I had to focus on getting the stuff that actually needs to be parallel with the server finished.

---

+ ### Prototype

    + #### Prototype Additions

        + New prototype T-21 Blaster
            *Currently lablled as broken, please do not use yet.

---

+ ###  NB

    + All textures that look like someone vomited the results of their LSD trip onto a canvas are temporary
    + If you're interested in helping make some quality textures get in touch!
